group btn_name Abort_txt, Detonate_txt, hold_txt, else_txt,Different_txt.
group btn_color White, Red, Blue, Yellow,Different_color.
/* Even though 1 Battery is not in the manual, it can be suitable for "non of the above" situation */
group battery One, More_than_1, Two, More_than_2.
group btn_lit Car_label, FRK_label, Another, Different_label.
/*group strip Blue_stp,White_stp,Yellow_stp,Other_stp. */


/* Text on Button */
rule ask_Bname
if Bname is unknown
then ask Bname .
question Bname
What is the button name? ;
choose from btn_name
because I need to defuse the bobmb for you.

/* Color of Button */
rule ask_Bcolor
if Bcolor is unknown
then ask Bcolor .
question Bcolor
What color is it? ;
choose from btn_color
because I need to defuse the bobmb for you.

/* Number of Batteries. */
rule ask_Nbatteries
if Nbatteries is unknown
then ask Nbatteries .
question Nbatteries
How many Batteries are there? (Press right click and check the sides) ;
choose from battery
because I need to defuse the bobmb for you.

/* Check Labels */
rule ask_Txtlabel
if Txtlabel is unknown
then ask Txtlabel.
question Txtlabel
Which of the following match the Text label on the left side of the bomb? ;
choose from btn_lit
because I need to defuse the bobmb for you.

/* Strip Colors - Part Two of the code
rule ask_Scolor
if Scolor is unknown
then ask Scolor.
question Scolor
After pressing the button, What is the color of the strip? ;
choose from strip 
because I need to defuse the bobmb for you.
*/


/* ++++++ rules about buying chips ++++++++++++ */
rule op1
if Bname is Abort_txt
and Bcolor is Blue
then write('Hold the button and check the Instructions')
and nl.


rule op2
if Nbatteries is More_than_1
and Bname is Detonate_txt
then write('press and immediately release the butto')
and nl .

rule op3
if Bcolor is White
and Txtlabel is Car_label
then write('Hold the button and check the Instructions')
and nl .


rule op4
if Nbatteries is More_than_2
and Txtlabel is FRK_label
then write('press and immediately release the butto')
and nl .

rule op5
if Bcolor is Yellow
then write('Hold the button and check the Instructions')
and nl .


rule op6
if Bname is Red
and Bname is hold_txt
then write('press and immediately release the button')
and nl .

rule op7
if bname is Different_txt
or Bcolor is Different_color
or Txtlabel is Different_label
then write('Hold the button and check the Instructions')



/* start the program */
ruleset Instructions
contains all rules ;
select rule using first come first served ;
update ruleset by removing each selected rule ;
initiate by doing restart .
action go
do invoke ruleset Instructions.
